hello i'm mirella from goest
usually I'm teaching Chinese but today
what I'm going to teach is not Chinese
it's compiled chicken from my hometown
which one let me introduce you the
materials first so we have two pieces of
chicken breasts one egg and then stir
fried peanuts we have sugar cornstarch
soy sauce and here you can see I
prepared for type of four types of
pepper we have homemade ground pepper
special pepper sauce from citron and we
have the green one and the red one here
we have ginger and garlic and the
special like Chinese green onion but I
found them in supermarkets in Europe so
I don't think it's hard to get it
anywhere in the world so let's get
started here at the chicken cubes now I
was soak it for 10 minutes with egg
white cornstarch and soy sauce but Maria
what the egg white for usually people
don't use it but it's in my secret
recipe because it will help the chicken
to taste tender and delicate nice
that's dit and white
okay
starch rincewind yes more spoons but it
all depends on your own taste that's
Chinese food there's no precise spoons
or cups hmm soy sauce a little bit we
will save them for the sauce later and
then stir it and the second step is to
make the sauce so now we have sugar and
starch we put them together and put in
some soy sauce okay so stir it mix them
so Maria when are we going to use the
sauce or use it at the very end of the
cooking just to make it is juicy and
make all the taste stick on the chicken
okay okay that's it
for about ten minutes with oil
now it's been two minutes I will remove
that chicken back to the ball a step is
to stir-fry the ingredients
ginger and garlic
red pepper
Oh
thirty seconds
well good
now you know why
and for Ionia
but they can take about two to three
minutes for this test
now I will pour in the sauce we prepared
before remember
soy sauce starch and sugar
and then that our price for one minute
and that's way put in
Hey yummy now we can enjoy the food kung
pao chicken